README.md, before:

# RNS Redux
[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/justindujardin/rns-redux.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)
[![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/justindujardin/rns-redux.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/justindujardin/rns-redux)
[![Coveralls](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/justindujardin/rns-redux.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/justindujardin/rns-redux)
[![Dev Dependencies](https://david-dm.org/justindujardin/rns-redux/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/justindujardin/rns-redux?type=dev)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-2-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors)

A reimagining of [React-Notification-System](https://github.com/igorprado/react-notification-system) in Typescript with an API that support React Hooks.

### Usage

Install the library:
```
npm install --save rns-redux
```

Add the `NotifyProvider` near the top of your app. By default this will include a component `NotifyPortal` as a child that will render the notifications. This can be disabled if the NotifyPortal is manually placed elsewhere.

```typescript
<NotifyProvider><YourApp/></NotifyProvider>
```

Under the covers React's `useReducer` API is the default store for notifications state, which is local to the provider component instance.

Show a notification:
```typescript
export function MyHookComponent() {
  const { api } = useNotify()
  api.showNotification({
    level: 'info',
    message: 'hi'
  })
}
```

## Credits

Project starter template by [@alexjoverm](https://twitter.com/alexjoverm)

Thanks to the wonderful people that contribute to this project ([emoji key](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors#emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| [<img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/101493?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Justin DuJardin"/><br /><sub><b>Justin DuJardin</b></sub>](https://www.justindujardin.com/)<br />[⚠️](https://github.com/justindujardin/rns-redux/commits?author=justindujardin "Tests") [💻](https://github.com/justindujardin/rns-redux/commits?author=justindujardin "Code") [🚇](#infra-justindujardin "Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)") | [<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/5701162?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Alex Jover"/><br /><sub><b>Alex Jover</b></sub>](https://github.com/alexjoverm)<br />[🚇](#infra-alexjoverm "Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)") |
| :---: | :---: |
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

docs: restructure project badges and credit RNS
- npm short descriptions can be messed up in some cases when they contain badges and links, so the whole desc is a block of crap. Move the badges into a table and describe WTF they mean, and use plaintext for the intro description.
- the docs site didn't have an obvious Github link on it
- move link of RNS to credits in order to avoid confusion.

README.md, after:

# RNS Redux

A reimagining of React-Notification-System in Typescript, with an API that supports React Hooks.

Github: https://github.com/justindujardin/rns-redux/

Website: https://justindujardin.github.io/rns-redux/

### Project Health

| Check Type  | Status |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Master Build | [![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/justindujardin/rns-redux.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/justindujardin/rns-redux) |
| Code Coverage  |  [![Coveralls](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/justindujardin/rns-redux.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/justindujardin/rns-redux) |
| Dependency Updater  | [![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/justindujardin/rns-redux.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/) |
| Up-to-date Dependencies | [![NPM Dependencies](https://david-dm.org/justindujardin/rns-redux/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/justindujardin/rns-redux) |
| Up-to-date DevDependencies | [![NPM Dev Dependencies](https://david-dm.org/justindujardin/rns-redux/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/justindujardin/rns-redux?type=dev) |
| Contributors | [![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-2-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors) |

### Usage

Install the library:
```
npm install --save rns-redux
```

Add the `NotifyProvider` near the top of your app. By default this will include a component `NotifyPortal` as a child that will render the notifications. This can be disabled if the NotifyPortal is manually placed elsewhere.

```typescript
<NotifyProvider>
  <YourApp/>
</NotifyProvider>
```

Under the covers React's `useReducer` API is the default store for notifications state, which is local to the provider component instance.

Show a notification:
```typescript
export function MyHookComponent() {
  const { api } = useNotify()
  api.showNotification({
    level: 'info',
    message: 'hi'
  })
}
```

## Credits

Typescript library starter by [@alexjoverm](https://twitter.com/alexjoverm)

React Components based on [React-Notification-System](https://github.com/igorprado/react-notification-system)

Thanks to the wonderful people that contribute to this project ([emoji key](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors#emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| [<img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/101493?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Justin DuJardin"/><br /><sub><b>Justin DuJardin</b></sub>](https://www.justindujardin.com/)<br />[⚠️](https://github.com/justindujardin/rns-redux/commits?author=justindujardin "Tests") [💻](https://github.com/justindujardin/rns-redux/commits?author=justindujardin "Code") [🚇](#infra-justindujardin "Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)") | [<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/5701162?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Alex Jover"/><br /><sub><b>Alex Jover</b></sub>](https://github.com/alexjoverm)<br />[🚇](#infra-alexjoverm "Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)") |
| :---: | :---: |
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
